Hello guy's,my name is Priti Shivshankar Patil.
I have done Library Management System project.
I will descibe you how to run this project step by step.
1.First of all download this project.
2.Clean and Build this project.
3.Run sql file.
In that there are 5 tables 
tbl_login(username,password)
book(bid,bname.author,pages,publication)
student(sid,sname,schooln,address,phoneno)
issuebook/returnbook(bid,bname,sid,sname,author,pages,issuedate/returndate).
4.Now run the project.
5.Run FirstForm file -> click on Next button.
6.Now you will get login form ->Enter username and password ->click on login button
and if you are a new user then click on Registration button and enter details ,username and password then click on log in 
7.Now you will get Menu form->here there are many options for you, you can choose any of them.
8.If you choose add modify student-> enter all the details of student there and then click on add button 
it will add that student to database and if you want to modify book enter all the details,book id of student there and then click on add button 
it will add that student to database
There is clear button also that is used to clear all the values you entered in textfields.
and exit button it is used to go to menu back i am using window controlling so that you can see only one form
at a time so if you want to go back to menu just click on exit button.
9.If you choose add new book then enter the details of book and use any of add,clear,exit button according to you.
10.If you choose issue book then enter all the details needed for it and submit it. return book is same as issue book.
11.If you want to see all issued book records then go to issue book records form here you will get two options 
   1.search->if you want to search specific record->for this you should enter book id and student id and then click on search button
   2.show all->if you want to see all issue book records-> for this purpose just click on show all button.
12.Return book records also you can see after going to return book records form.
13.so,Like this I made this project I tried to do as easy as possible for the end users.
If you come with any problem  please ping me, I will describe everything.
Please give me feedback,How it is?
thank you.